[docs] Static embedding description (#41282)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/start.md

## [Static embedding](./static-embedding.md)

> Also known as Signed Embedding, Static embedding is a secure way to embed individual charts and dashboards. Your users will see data, but won’t be able to click through into it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also known as Signed Embedding, Static embedding is a secure way to embed charts and dashboards. Static embeds are view only; people won't be able to drill-through charts and tables.
```

Edit prefers "people" to "users", and emphasizes static embed's view-only nature.
